## System Analisis ##

### Actor decription ###

Adminidtrator - His role is to behave as a network/system admin. He is not involved in the project.

Supervisor - His role is to behave as a lecturer. He is checking progres of te project and users(students) performance 

Project Leader - One of the students. His role is to managing meeting organization.

Project Secretary - One of the students. His role is to managing system during and after meeting.

User - Student. His role is to complite an action, proposing new ideas and share information about action topic



### User Sories ###

Administrator

	As an administrator I want create user so that him to use system.
	As an administrator I want to assign organization role to the user so that restrict his access to system.
	As an administrator I want to change user password so that when he lose it I could give him new.
	As a supervisor I want to create project so that students can start working on the project
	As a supervisor I want to lock project so that no one can make any change to it.
	As a supervisor I want to assign one of the user to project leader role so that he can manage project meetings.
	As a supervisor I want to assign one user to project secretary role so he can perform secretary role in project

Supervisor

	As a supervisor I want to create project so that students can start working on the project
	As a supervisor I want to lock project so that no one can make any change to it.
	As a supervisor I want to assign one of the user to project leader role so that he can manage project meetings.
	As a supervisor I want to assign one user to project secretary role so he can perform secretary role in project


Project Leader

	As a project leader I want to assign user to the project so that allows them to participate in the meetings
	As a project leader I want to create meeting so that team can work on the project.
	As a project leader I want to edit meeting setting so that time, date, location, meeting chair and meeting secretary can be changed.
	As a project leader I want to cancel meeting so that when meeting cannot be conducted I can inform users about it.
	As a project leader I want to agree on ne agenda item so that this item can be discussed on the meeting.
	As a project leader I want to postpone agenda item so that this item can be in next meeting agenda.
	As a project leader I want to review submitted action so that this action can be tagged as completed when is accomplished or back to “In progress” when is not finished or to “No longer require” when this action is no longer required.

Project Secretary

	As a project secretary I want to check present on the meeting so that supervisor can review students’ involvement
	As a project secretary I want to accept previous meeting minutes so that finish work on the previous meeting.
	As a project secretary I want to accept previous meeting's minutes so that finish work on the previous meeting's minutes.
	As a project secretary I want to add actions and comments to agenda items so that selected to fulfil this action user have it as remainder of his future work.
	As a project secretary I want to postpone agenda item so that this item be discussed during next meeting if it cannot be discuss during current one.
	As a project secretary I want to add A.O.B (Any Other Business) so that any information discussed during meeting has not been forgotten.
	As a project secretary I want update draft minute so that has included all valid comments from user.

User 

	As a user I want to confirm my presence at the meeting so that will keep the track of my activity during a project.
	As a user I want to create apologies note when I cannot be present at the meeting so that justify my absence.
	As a user I want to propose agenda item for next meeting so that my idea can be discussed during this meeting.
	As a user I want to propose new agenda item version or its order so that meeting can have better structure according to my opinion.
	As a user I want to add comments to agenda item so that improve it quality.
	As a user I want to add action to agenda items so that indicate who and what need to be done to solve this agenda item topic.
	As a user I want to change status of action to “Completed” so that it can be review by project leader.
	As a user I want to add comment to any action so that share my knowledge about how to accomplish this task.
	As a user I want to add comments to draft minutes so that the project secretary can update them with new information.
